# Correlation & Classification
## csv_files
### predictResult.csv
Generated by FinalPredictionByRandomForest.py. Add predicted labels to spotify_api_songs_popularity_analysis_result.csv.
### spotify_api_songs_popularity_analysis_result.csv
This dataset has audio features and popularity of songs and songs' artists for 10,000 songs on Spotify.
### spotify_mood.csv
This dataset has moods for each spotify song labelled - 0: Sad, 1: Happy, 2: Energetic, 3: Calm.
### spotify_youtube.csv
This dataset has spotify data and youtube data. It is used to link data from spotify_api_songs_popularity_analysis_result.csv and youtube_api_data_result.csv by track_id and youtube_id.
### youtube_api_comments_sentimental_analysis.csv
This dataset has sentimental analysis results of comments.
### youtube_api_data_result.csv
This dataset has youtube data after data preprocessing and cleaning.
## py_files
### decisionTree.py
This is a python file that has the implementation of Decision Tree Classifier on the spotify_mood.csv dataset.
### kNN.py
This is a python file that has the implementation of KNN Classifier on the spotify_mood.csv dataset.
### logisticRegression.py
This is a python file that has the implementation of Logistic Regression Classifier on the spotify_mood.csv dataset.
### naiveBayes.py
This is a python file that has the implementation of Naive Bayes Classifier on the spotify_mood.csv dataset.
### randomForest.py
This is a python file that has the implementation of Random Forest Classifier on the spotify_mood.csv dataset.
### svm.py
This is a python file that has the implementation of SVM Classifier on the spotify_mood.csv dataset.
### hypothesis_testing_1.py
This is a python file that do the hypothesis testing 1 using 2-sample t-test technique to test the hypothesis that whether there is a significant difference in the popularity of positive and negative songs. 
- Get the samples of positive and negative songs according to 'valence' features.
- Do the 2-sample t-test hypothesis testing to get the t value and p value.
### hypothesis_testing_2.py
This is a python file that do the hypothesis testing about whether the song's popularity on spotify is related to its popularity on YouTube or not. We use t-test, linear regression and classification.
### FinalPredictionByRandomForest.py
Predict labels of songs in spotify_api_songs_popularity_analysis_result.csv by random forest.

- merge_file():
  Merge [track_popularity] in spotify_api_songs_popularity_analysis_result.csv and [comment_count],[likeness_count], [view_count] in youtube_api_data_result.csv by track_id and Url_youtube in spotify_youtube.csv
- get_positive_comments():
  Calculate the number of each song's positive comments
- weight_set():
  Calculate the total popularity score by setting weights
- hypothesis_t_test(data):
  Use t-test
- hypothesis_regression(data):
  Use linear regression
- hypothesis_classification(data):
  Use classification

## random_forest_model.joblib
Generated by random_forest.py. It is the best model, getted from GridSearch, of Random Forest.
